Add release process documentation (#113)
kubernetes-sigs/seccomp-operator: release.md

# Releasing a new version of the seccomp-operator

A new seccomp-operator release can be done by overall three Pull Requests (PRs).
Please ensure that no other PRs got merged in between. The overall process
should not take longer than a couple of minutes, but it is required to have one
of the repository [owners](./OWNERS) at hand to be able to merge the PRs.

The first PR targets this repository and:

- bumps the [`VERSION`](VERSION) file to the target version

> - changes the `image` names in all files of [./deploy](deploy) from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- and changes the `image` names in all files of [./deploy](deploy) from
```

Author: Fixed :thu

k8s.io GitHub repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io). This PR
promotes the built container image by:

- adding an entry to the `dmap` of the file
  `k8s.gcr.io/images/k8s-staging-seccomp-operator/images.yaml`:
  ```
  "sha256:3c2fa3e061d27379536aae697bec20ef08637590bad7b19b00038c7788b08a7a": ["v1.0.0"]
  ```

The version (`v1.0.0` in this example) has to match the changed version in the
deployment manifest of the first PR. The `sha256` value can be retrieved by
multiple tools, for example by using [skopeo](https://github.com/containers/skopeo):

```
> skopeo inspect docker://gcr.io/k8s-staging-seccomp-operator/seccomp-operator:latest | jq -r .Digest
sha256:3c2fa3e061d27379536aae697bec20ef08637590bad7b19b00038c7788b08a7a
```

If this PR got merged, then we're finally ready to [create the
release](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/seccomp-operator/releases/new)
directly on GitHub and add the release notes. The release notes can be generated
by the [official Kubernetes Release Notes
tool](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/tree/master/cmd/release-notes).

After that, another PR against this repository has to be created, which:

> - bumps the [`VERSION`](VERSION) file to the current one, but now including the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- bumps the [`VERSION`](VERSION) file to the next minor version, but now including the
```

Reviewer: If we did a patch release, would we change the VERSION to the patch (i.e. v0.1.1) then back to v0.2.0-dev after release?

Author: Yes, this makes more sense. Fixed that. :+1:
